cv-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: CV - English
permalink: /cv-en/
---

## Education

# October 2014 - Present

PhD in Mathematics, Cardiff University.  
Supervisors: Prof. Paul Harper & Dr. Vincent Knight

This is a project in Operational Research, where I am researching queueing networks and their applications to healthcare systems. The work has focused on open restricted queueing networks and their deadlocking properties. A graph theoretical method of detecting when deadlock occurs in computer simulations was found and implemented. Markov models of deadlocking simple one and two node queueing networks built, and investigations carried out into the time until deadlock is reached. These Markov chains have been extended to accomodate customers' baulking behaviour, and servers' scheduled vacations. Dynamic programming and reinforcement learning algorithms are being used to solve Markov Decision Processes, in order to find the optimal deadlock resolution policy for these queueing networks.

A central part of this project is the development and maintenence of an open source Python library for simulating queueing networks, [Ciw](https://github.com/CiwPython/Ciw) (with bilingual documentation available [here](http://ciw.readthedocs.io/).) Currently under development is a data visualisation tool for the results of these simulations, [CiwVis](https://ciwpython.github.io/CiwVis/).

# October 2013 - October 2014

MSc Operational Research and Applied Statistics, Cardiff University.

Here taught modules gave me an overview of operational research techniques including queueing theory, game theory, simulation, mathematical programming and heuristics. Statistical techniques learned include parametric and non-parametric hypotheses testing, and use of SPSS.
I completed my dissertation at the University of Twente in the Netherlands on an Erasmus placement.

Dissertation title: *Optimising surgery schedules in order to increase operating room utilisation and level beds in the PACU and holding area.*

# September 2010 - May 2013

BSc Mathematics, Aberystwyth University. First Class Honours.

# September 2008 - June 2010

Ysgol Gyfun Cymer Rhondda

A-levels: Mathematics (A*), Physics (A), Chemisty (A)  
AS-level: Music (B)



## Courses Attended

* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Forecasting & Predictive Analysis - Lancaster University 2016
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Convex Optimisation - Edinburgh University 2016
* [Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol](http://www.colegcymraeg.ac.uk/en/)'s Research Skills Programme - Lampeter University 2015 (Welsh Medium)
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Combinatorial Optimisation - Southampton University 2015
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Simulation - Loughborough University 2015
* Data Mining Course - Cardiff University 2015
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Stochastic Modelling - Lancaster University 2015


## Skills

Python, LaTeX, VBA, Excel, SPSS, Simul8, HTML, CSS. I am currently learning JavaScript. I hold a full, clean driving license. Fluent in both English and Welsh.

## Other

I assist with lab sessions and marking for various modules of the MSc, undergraduate operational research modules, and the Computing for Mathematics module. I am also a maths and stats support tutor. I have also translated some materials from English to Welsh, such as class tests and coursework.

I was a co-steam-organiser of the Stochastic Modelling Stream at the Young OR 19 in Aston. I was member of the organising committee for [DjangoCon Europe 2015, Cardiff](http://2015.djangocon.eu/). I was also involved in teaching on a mathematics summer school for first year undergraduates at the University of Namibia, Windhoek, in January 2016.

I am a member of [The UK OR Society](https://www.theorsociety.com).


## Conference Talks

* Sept 2016 - PyCon UK, Cardiff - *Queueing and Python: pip install ciw*
* May 2016 - CORS 2016, Banff - *Deadlock in Queueing Networks*
* Jan 2016 - PyCon Namibia, Windhoek - *Simulating Queues with Ciw*
* Sept 2015 - Young OR 19, Aston - *Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System, Deadlocking & Reinforcement Learning*
* July 2015 - EURO 2015, Glasgow - *Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System Deadlocking, Reinforcement Learning & Workforce Planning*
* Feb 2015 - Python Namibia 2015, Windhoek - *Playing with Reinforcement Learning in Python*


## Contact

Date of Birth: 2/Feb/1992  
Email: palmergi1@cardiff.ac.uk

References available on request.

Commit message:

add namibia summer school 2017 to cv

cv-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: CV - English
permalink: /cv-en/
---

## Education

# October 2014 - Present

PhD in Mathematics, Cardiff University.  
Supervisors: Prof. Paul Harper & Dr. Vincent Knight

This is a project in Operational Research, where I am researching queueing networks and their applications to healthcare systems. The work has focused on open restricted queueing networks and their deadlocking properties. A graph theoretical method of detecting when deadlock occurs in computer simulations was found and implemented. Markov models of deadlocking simple one and two node queueing networks built, and investigations carried out into the time until deadlock is reached. These Markov chains have been extended to accomodate customers' baulking behaviour, and servers' scheduled vacations. Dynamic programming and reinforcement learning algorithms are being used to solve Markov Decision Processes, in order to find the optimal deadlock resolution policy for these queueing networks.

A central part of this project is the development and maintenence of an open source Python library for simulating queueing networks, [Ciw](https://github.com/CiwPython/Ciw) (with bilingual documentation available [here](http://ciw.readthedocs.io/).) Currently under development is a data visualisation tool for the results of these simulations, [CiwVis](https://ciwpython.github.io/CiwVis/).

# October 2013 - October 2014

MSc Operational Research and Applied Statistics, Cardiff University.

Here taught modules gave me an overview of operational research techniques including queueing theory, game theory, simulation, mathematical programming and heuristics. Statistical techniques learned include parametric and non-parametric hypotheses testing, and use of SPSS.
I completed my dissertation at the University of Twente in the Netherlands on an Erasmus placement.

Dissertation title: *Optimising surgery schedules in order to increase operating room utilisation and level beds in the PACU and holding area.*

# September 2010 - May 2013

BSc Mathematics, Aberystwyth University. First Class Honours.

# September 2008 - June 2010

Ysgol Gyfun Cymer Rhondda

A-levels: Mathematics (A*), Physics (A), Chemisty (A)  
AS-level: Music (B)



## Courses Attended

* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Forecasting & Predictive Analysis - Lancaster University 2016
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Convex Optimisation - Edinburgh University 2016
* [Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol](http://www.colegcymraeg.ac.uk/en/)'s Research Skills Programme - Lampeter University 2015 (Welsh Medium)
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Combinatorial Optimisation - Southampton University 2015
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Simulation - Loughborough University 2015
* Data Mining Course - Cardiff University 2015
* [NATCOR](http://www.natcor.ac.uk) Stochastic Modelling - Lancaster University 2015


## Skills

Python, LaTeX, VBA, Excel, SPSS, Simul8, HTML, CSS. I am currently learning JavaScript. I hold a full, clean driving license. Fluent in both English and Welsh.

## Other

I assist with lab sessions and marking for various modules of the MSc, undergraduate operational research modules, and the Computing for Mathematics module. I am also a maths and stats support tutor. I have also translated some materials from English to Welsh, such as class tests and coursework.

I was a co-steam-organiser of the Stochastic Modelling Stream at the Young OR 19 in Aston. I was member of the organising committee for [DjangoCon Europe 2015, Cardiff](http://2015.djangocon.eu/). I have also been involved in teaching on mathematics summer schools for first year undergraduates at the University of Namibia, Windhoek, in January of 2016 and 2017. This was part of [Cardiff University's Phoenix Project](http://www.cardiff.ac.uk/about/our-profile/our-values/engagement/transforming-communities/the-phoenix-project).

I am a member of [The UK OR Society](https://www.theorsociety.com).


## Conference Talks

* Sept 2016 - PyCon UK, Cardiff - *Queueing and Python: pip install ciw*
* May 2016 - CORS 2016, Banff - *Deadlock in Queueing Networks*
* Jan 2016 - PyCon Namibia, Windhoek - *Simulating Queues with Ciw*
* Sept 2015 - Young OR 19, Aston - *Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System, Deadlocking & Reinforcement Learning*
* July 2015 - EURO 2015, Glasgow - *Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System Deadlocking, Reinforcement Learning & Workforce Planning*
* Feb 2015 - Python Namibia 2015, Windhoek - *Playing with Reinforcement Learning in Python*


## Contact

Date of Birth: 2/Feb/1992  
Email: palmergi1@cardiff.ac.uk

References available on request.
