talks.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
permalink: /talks/
---

+ [Agent Based Modelling with Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/AgentBasedModelling/index.html) - PyCon Namibia, 2018, Windhoek

+ [Python for Operational Research in Healthcare]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconuk-2017.pdf) - PyCon UK, 2017, Cardiff ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcEURL392-w))

+ [Producing Pretty Plots in Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconna-2017.pdf) - PyCon Namibia, 2017, Windhoek ([Code](https://github.com/geraintpalmer/Presentations/blob/master/PyConNamibia2017/PyCon%20Namibia%202017.ipynb))

+ [SWORDS PhD Talk]({{ site.url }}/talks/SWORDS-2016.pdf) - SWORDS, 2016, Cardiff

+ [Queueing & Python: pip install ciw]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconuk-2016.pdf) - PyCon UK, 2016, Cardiff ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_sIus0mPSM), [Code](https://github.com/geraintpalmer/Presentations/blob/master/PyConUK2016/PyConUK%202016.ipynb))

+ [Deadlock in Queueing Networks]({{ site.url }}/talks/cors-2016.pdf) - CORS, 2016, Banff 

+ [Llwyrglo yn Rhwydweithiau Ciwio (poster)]({{ site.url }}/talks/poster-ccc2016.pdf) - Cynhadledd Wyddonol y Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol, 2016, Aberystwyth 

+ [Simulating Queues with Ciw]({{ site.url }}/talks/simulating-queues-with-ciw-pyconna2016.pdf) - PyCon Namibia, 2016, Windhoek

+ [A Brief Introduction to Markov Chains]({{ site.url }}/talks/intro-markov-chains-pgr2015.pdf) - Postgraduate Seminar, 2015, Cardiff

+ [Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System]({{ site.url }}/talks/young-or-2015.pdf) - Young OR 19, 2015, Aston

+ [Playing with Reinforcement Learning in Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/python-namibia-2015.pdf) - Python Namibia 2015, Windhoek

Commit message:

update cv after Namibia & STEM for Britain

talks.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
permalink: /talks/
---

+ [Modelling Deadlock in Open Restricted Queueing Networks (poster)]({{ site.url }}/talks/STEMforBritain.pdf) - STEM for Britain, 2018, London

+ [Agent Based Modelling with Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/AgentBasedModelling/index.html) - PyCon Namibia, 2018, Windhoek

+ [Python for Operational Research in Healthcare]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconuk-2017.pdf) - PyCon UK, 2017, Cardiff ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcEURL392-w))

+ [Producing Pretty Plots in Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconna-2017.pdf) - PyCon Namibia, 2017, Windhoek ([Code](https://github.com/geraintpalmer/Presentations/blob/master/PyConNamibia2017/PyCon%20Namibia%202017.ipynb))

+ [SWORDS PhD Talk]({{ site.url }}/talks/SWORDS-2016.pdf) - SWORDS, 2016, Cardiff

+ [Queueing & Python: pip install ciw]({{ site.url }}/talks/pyconuk-2016.pdf) - PyCon UK, 2016, Cardiff ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_sIus0mPSM), [Code](https://github.com/geraintpalmer/Presentations/blob/master/PyConUK2016/PyConUK%202016.ipynb))

+ [Deadlock in Queueing Networks]({{ site.url }}/talks/cors-2016.pdf) - CORS, 2016, Banff 

+ [Llwyrglo yn Rhwydweithiau Ciwio (poster)]({{ site.url }}/talks/poster-ccc2016.pdf) - Cynhadledd Wyddonol y Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol, 2016, Aberystwyth 

+ [Simulating Queues with Ciw]({{ site.url }}/talks/simulating-queues-with-ciw-pyconna2016.pdf) - PyCon Namibia, 2016, Windhoek

+ [A Brief Introduction to Markov Chains]({{ site.url }}/talks/intro-markov-chains-pgr2015.pdf) - Postgraduate Seminar, 2015, Cardiff

+ [Queueing Networks for a Healthcare System]({{ site.url }}/talks/young-or-2015.pdf) - Young OR 19, 2015, Aston

+ [Playing with Reinforcement Learning in Python]({{ site.url }}/talks/python-namibia-2015.pdf) - Python Namibia 2015, Windhoek
